Clarify module installation command for >=OSX 10.15 (#1467)
ethereum/web3.py: docs/README-osx.md

```sh
brew install leveldb
```

> 4. When you are on `>=OSX 10.15 Catalina` and you encounter error with default `ZSH` shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are on `>=OSX 10.15 Catalina` you may encounter the following error with the default `ZSH` shell. This can be fixed by wrapping the `[dev]` part in quotes.
```
